Is an adult
Feng Minghou congratulates you on turning the situation around
Great Disruption Army
Tiger Country has become the jurisdiction of Longxia
The head of Hu Province
The lord has decided to grant you the first-class merit in this battle
Tiandouyun should be restarted in 3 days.
At that time, you will lead generals at all levels to participate together
Long Shuai will personally award honors and support
Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai
The one who led the Heaven Dou Legion three years ago asked for the bottom line
The Nine Heavens Dragon at the Top of the Universe
Hasn't he already retired?
Three years ago, Tiandou reached the top
Long Shuai retired
Then a three-year contract was made
The deadline has expired
The man who made the whole world tremble
Coming back soon
The three-year period has expired
You'll soon find out who I am
Is this a coincidence?
Honey, I'm back, dad
What happened to Xuan Xuan?
Who bullied you?
It's not me, it's my mother who was bullied.
Yanni, how do you look in your wedding dress?
It's so addictive.
This is the wedding dress I wore on my wedding day with Lin Ze
Do you like it, Mr. Zhou?
Is that exciting?
What are you doing?